npm init vue@latest
----above is first time creating
cd (projectname)
npm install
-----below are the next time opening
npm run dev

npm install problem
Corrupted package cache: 
Try clearing the npm cache by running "npm cache clean --force" and then running npm install again.




npm install
when creating vue app, we have our new app,
it has bunch of different codes in this app itself.
However this code is not the only code we need in order to run app.
if skipped this step, errors given.
"vite" is a package that lives in node pkg manager.
some third party in the cloud, we need access to and bring into this app.
vite is not the only one, there're three other packages "vue" "@vitejs/plugin-vue" "vite"
The app are depenedent on there three pkgs. "it can be seen in package.json and in node_modules folder"
These three(depnedencies) have their own diffferent dependencies. Other packages are their dependencies.


npm run dev
it spins up vue development server on our local machine.
and request content.
in the package.json, look at the scripts, when run npm run something, that thing will run, like run dev,
it will only run "dev": "vite"


how vue server serves the content to browser
vue send back only html to browser.
It is a special html file, index.html is almost empty.
right after it sends html, it bundles up all of differnet logics into a singular js file.
It sends the browser that javascript, which conatins all of the instructions
about the element we need to render.
Right after browser parsing it, we will have our content in our app.

TWO Vue Terminals
Clident Side Rendered
The application being rendered in the client.
When we pass HTML, it was completely empty.  give js, the browser was able to parse the js to the client.

Single Page Application
Why? It only send us one index.html.  Even there are ohter pages to show, It will still be the exact same HTML.
It would only use js to change HTML within exact same index.html.

main.js
in the file, it creates App from App.vue and mounting all of the HTML elements inside excisting HTML element that has an id of App 
it is the thing that exists in index.html in this vue folder

